doc: nrf-bm: libraries: timer: updates to BM timer documentation (#459)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/libraries/timer.rst

.. _lib_bm_timer:

> BM Timer library

Reviewer: This looks a bit ugly in my opinion. I would follow the wording used in the `bm_zms` library and such and write instead the following:
```suggestion
Bare Metal Timer library
```

At the bare minimum we need to align everything to the same style, one way or the other.

########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The BM Timer is a library that is wrapped on top of the Zephyr Timers functionality that is implemented using the GRTC peripheral.

Reviewer: Here too, to recall the same title name.
```suggestion
The Bare Metal Timer is a library that is wrapped on top of the Zephyr Timers functionality that is implemented using the GRTC peripheral.
```

The BM Timer has a resolution of 1 µs and is able to run in all power modes.

> This gives the capability of waking up the system after a period or at specific intervals, independent of power modes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows for waking up the system after a specific period or at specific intervals, independent of power modes.
```
